map board_online.txt
move ghost 2 11 11 right
move ghost 1 11 9 right
move ghost 0 1 9 right
move ghost 3 21 9 left
move ghost 3 20 9 right
move ghost 2 12 11 right
move ghost 1 12 9 up
move ghost 0 2 9 left
move player 1 12 15 left
move ghost 3 21 9 left
move ghost 1 12 8 left
move ghost 2 13 11 right
move ghost 0 1 9 right
move player 1 11 15 right
move ghost 2 14 11 left
move ghost 3 20 9 left
move ghost 1 11 8 left
move ghost 0 2 9 right
move player 1 12 15 right
move ghost 2 13 11 right
move ghost 1 10 8 up
move ghost 3 19 9 left
move ghost 0 3 9 left
move player 1 13 15 left
move player 1 12 15 up
move ghost 3 18 9 left
move ghost 1 10 7 left
move ghost 2 14 11 left
move ghost 0 2 9 left
move player 1 12 14 up
move player 1 12 13 right
move ghost 3 17 9 left
move ghost 2 13 11 right
move ghost 1 9 7 right
move ghost 0 1 9 right
move player 1 13 13 right
move player 1 14 13 up
move player 1 14 12 up
move ghost 0 2 9 left
move ghost 2 14 11 right
move ghost 3 16 9 right
move ghost 1 10 7 right
move ghost 3 17 9 down
move ghost 0 1 9 right
move ghost 2 15 11 up
move ghost 1 11 7 right
move player 0 10 15 up
move player 0 10 14 up
move player 0 10 13 left
move ghost 2 15 10 down
move ghost 1 12 7 right
move ghost 3 17 10 up
move ghost 0 2 9 left
move player 0 9 13 left
move player 0 8 13 left
move ghost 2 15 11 down
move ghost 1 13 7 left
move ghost 3 17 9 down
move ghost 0 1 9 right
move player 0 7 13 up
move player 0 7 12 up
move ghost 1 12 7 up
move ghost 0 2 9 left
move ghost 3 17 10 down
move ghost 2 15 12 up
move player 0 7 11 right
move player 0 8 11 right
move ghost 0 1 9 right
move ghost 1 12 6 down
move ghost 3 17 11 down
move ghost 2 15 11 down
move player 0 9 11 right
move player 0 10 11 right
move player 0 11 11 right
move ghost 1 12 7 left
move ghost 0 2 9 right
move ghost 3 17 12 up
move ghost 2 15 12 left
move player 0 12 11 right
move player 0 13 11 right
move ghost 0 3 9 left
move ghost 1 11 7 left
move ghost 3 17 11 up
move ghost 2 14 12 up
move ghost 3 21 9 left
move ghost 0 1 9 right
move ghost 1 11 9 right
move player 0 14 11 down
move ghost 2 11 11 left
move ghost 0 2 9 right
move ghost 3 20 9 right
move ghost 1 12 9 left
move player 0 14 12 up
move ghost 2 10 11 right
move ghost 0 3 9 left
move ghost 3 21 9 left
move ghost 1 11 9 right
move player 0 14 11 left
move ghost 2 11 11 right
move ghost 0 2 9 right
move ghost 3 20 9 left
move ghost 1 12 9 left
move player 0 13 11 left
move ghost 1 11 9 up
move ghost 3 21 9 left
move ghost 0 1 9 right
move ghost 2 11 11 right
move ghost 0 2 9 right
move ghost 1 11 8 right
move ghost 3 20 9 left
move ghost 2 12 11 right
move player 0 10 15 up
move player 0 10 14 up
move ghost 3 19 9 left
move ghost 1 12 8 left
move ghost 0 3 9 right
move ghost 2 13 11 left
move player 0 10 13 left
move player 0 9 13 left
move ghost 1 11 8 up
move ghost 3 18 9 left
move ghost 0 4 9 left
move ghost 2 12 11 left
move player 0 8 13 up
move player 0 8 12 up
move ghost 0 3 9 right
move ghost 3 17 9 up
move ghost 1 11 7 left
move ghost 2 11 11 right
move player 0 8 11 right
move player 0 9 11 right
move ghost 0 4 9 left
move ghost 1 10 7 up
move ghost 3 17 8 up
move ghost 2 12 11 left
move player 0 10 11 right
